---
layout: layout-post
title: Notes

source: /app/posts/intro
---


h2. just some notes

Ideas and thoughts that aren't supposed to go live




h2. workouts

Shannon's range of workouts


h2. skills

to be added

# russian climb
# russian squat (just sit down into the russian climb)
# bicycle climb
# high bicycle climb
# russian squat to hip key transition
# same side hook drop: get into same side hook, look the tail around straight foot, wrap the tail around th (dangerous- need spotter)
# crucifix drop
# straddle back
# crucifix to hip key
# straddle back
# crucifix 2: first part of crucifix, but instead of wrapping around waist a second time, wrap around knees like when in a hitch or knee hook. climb or rock and roll up, back arch, and you can forward dive from there
# rock and roll transition: instead of struggling to grab higher, momentum back, and kick up into higher (as a power move)
# crucifix transition
# hitch / same side knee hook
# (opposite side) knee hook
# creature climb
# opposite side knee climb
# front balance (to hip key)



h2. glossary

# pole
# tail


h2. other notes

# transitions are the glue that keeps things together
# spend more time on slowing down
# simple is more
# technical is boring, especially for other aerialists. Think of ways to obscure or sleight technical moves with transitions that people don't really think about
# improv. Lead with body parts. Contract and stretch the body. Straight and bent. Think shapes and emotions. Every move to be intentional. Arch or bend. Move to music.
# performing for non-aerialists and aerialists is different. Both groups are impressed by very different things, many times opposite. Non-aerialists like flashy stuff, much is non-difficult. (Meat hooks are only impressive to aerialists, while non-aerialists like splits and crucifix, etc.)
# be less grabby. Hold with intent, especially when up and down climbing. Use other body parts to go up or down


h2. future

# add a workout randominzer. Select what body parts and what to work out, and your workout time frame (10 min, or 1 hr workout, etc.), and the system will select a set workout for you

# AudioCue group music notation tool - what happens at what time cues in music (similar to SoundCloud)