---
layout: layout-post
title: Community Feedback
summary: Data & analysis from the feedback

comments: true
source: /app/posts/feedback
tags : [ux, feedback, research]
phase: requirements 
---

h2. general feedback

Generally the feedback is very positive, with most users splitting their time:
* finding solutions to their problems (23.58%)
* browsing the forums (20%)
* gain insights (17%)
* helping others (17%)

Popular write-in options were:
* Check firmware
* Check for beta updates

Almost half of those surveyed use the forum more than once a day, with two-thirds of surveyed users using ths site more than 10 times a month. More than 80% of users would highly recommend the Community to their colleagues.

The aggregate feedback analysis can be found on "Google Drive":https://docs.google.com/a/ubnt.com/spreadsheets/d/1Yqsgk1aUswEdKlpPN3-eZVjErsbE2BDN27KEQdzn67I/edit


h2. feature requests

The most important feature requests are compiled as follows:




h3(shift-1 header-list). Easily Found Information

p(shift-1). Users are having problems finding information. Either they have to be very good at using the search engine, or relevant information is deeply buried and is difficult to find, either through searching or browsing.

p(shift-1). A centralized information area prevents questions from being asked over and over again, and improves navigation and content discovery. Product Knowledge Base. 





h3(shift-1 header-list). Centralized Content

p(shift-1). Official, curated product information. Provides:

<div class="shift-1">

# introductory information
# getting-started
# technical sheet
# tutorials, videos
# startup and basic set-up a system and running (esp. UniFi)
# firewall compatibility
# product info
# compliance information
# startup script examples
# configuration script examples
# links to relevant forum areas
# technical sheet
# facts
# links to Q&A, solutions, and Issues & Bugs
# firmware status & downloads
# manuals
# latest up-to-date info
# warranty
# end-of-life product status / legacy products
# status tracking: What's changed over time, and what's improved. Current status, and fixed problems.
# beta and update status?

</div>

p(shift-1). The Knowledge Base would help people save time on searching for answers or from asking "basic" questions. This is the place to start, and for users to find the easy, popular solutions. Contains newest updates. Needs to be filterable, searchable, organized by task and product. 



h3(shift-1 header-list). Product Firmware Status 

p(shift-1). Transparency on firmware: Status page for firmwares for all devices that give checklist for completed parts of development towards release of the firmware, as well as estimated completion times for firmware as a whole, and individual objectives inside of the development of the firmware to give people better understanding of current status so they can plan around. 



h3(shift-1 header-list). Centralized Product Updates

p(shift-1). Similar to the Centralized Content idea, this is a centralized place to display and notify of new or updated content. This is a notification system or blog that people can follow. This is an easily memorable place for users to know something at Ubiquiti has changed. It's the changelog for products, and should also cover beta, and should cover updates concerning product cycles, product releases, and official announcements.




h3(shift-1 header-list). Known Issues

p(shift-1). Bug reporting and log system, maybe as part of feature req. Upvoting system. 
Hardware issues, fault-finding (hardware bugs?). Update official “known issues” and updates more frequently (3)



h3(shift-1 header-list). Idea exchange

p(shift-1). Modify the stories area to iprove idea exchanging by adding things like tags. Make them easier to discover for people in similar situations, to see if something worked or did not work. These will become sorts of examples forthe knowledge base. research to see if something has been tried by others (Jan: in stories, ID what equipment used w/ tags, and environment / factors)




h3(shift-1 header-list). Localization 

p(shift-1). Keep the same forum framework for other languages. Pull in English content if localized content is sparse




h3(shift-1 header-list). Forum update tracking

p(shift-1). Subscriptions and recent threads and posts. See newest responses of a thread / continue where you left off. See what threads have been updated since you were here. Even better if filtered by subforum or section. Live load. Subscriptions. Work properly, not insanely slow. should show the new posts first, not old posts (3)




h3(shift-1 header-list). Forum management

p(shift-1). Mitigate some of the disparaging comments and trolls (ars technica-like downvoting / hiding? maybe don’t show downvotes, but enough downvotes hides it automatically and flags for trolling). Users with a lot of solutions and or kudos should have a Guru-status




h3(shift-1 header-list). Email direct replies

p(shift-1). Need a Email direct reply to forum thread




h3(shift-1 header-list). Lounge & Business talk area

p(shift-1). A place to hang out and get to know each other; somewhere less official and not product-related. Connecting w/ other WISPS. More places to share stories and talk about tangential topics.




h3(shift-1 header-list). Flagging Unanswered Posts & Questions

p(shift-1). Some questions go unanswered for a long time. Might need a staff to answer these, become buried. (Jan: flagging system?) +1





h2. notes

h3. positive
* Find "basic" information about UniFi (compatibility with firewall appliance)
* Error solutions (2)
* beta updates & fixes (15)
* gain insight into products
* forum & sub forum (11)
* knowledge base (3)
* idea exchange
* recent posts
* Find "basic" information about UniFi (compatibility with firewall appliance)
* subscriptions
* Spanish forum
* New posts
* Information about new hardware and software, and "related analysis"
* Product info and compliance info
* better RMA response
* Need a Email direct reply to forum thread
* Good, fast responses (3)
* Knowledge Base is useful, but old Wiki was easier to navigate (3)
* Search (2)
* Read about how others are using products (stories)
* Lounge & Business talk
* Unread Discussions section (2)
* alpha forum
* want: Latest Post under Latest Topic filtered by sub forum
* RSS import support, esp. for Beta which are locked out
* research to see if something has been tried by others (Jan: in stories, ID what equipment used w/ tags, and environment / factors)
* Sticky posts
* Connecting w/ other WISPS
* Live load / no more F5 refreshing
* Location info on Profiles

h3. negative
* Most active posts of the day on main page
* Knowledge (assuming knowledge base)
* Encourage good stories
* Transparency on firmware: Status page for firmwares for all devices that give checklist for completed parts of development towards release of the firmware, as well as estimated completion times for firmware as a whole, and individual objectives inside of the development of the firmware to give people better understanding of current status so they can plan
* More updates concerning product releases, official info (7), also end of life status / defunct status
* Support guys answer emails all the time, thinks is good
* No (23)
* Encourage our dev teams to discuss more (3)
* Some questions go unanswered for a long time. Might need a staff to answer these, become buried. (Jan: flagging system?) +1
* Unify post content / aggregate content
* Online chat feature / real-time PM feature
* Localization and language setting (2) +portuguese
* Subscriptions. Work properly, not insanely slow. should show the new posts first, not old posts (3)
* Improve feature request section
* Bug reporting and log system, maybe as part of feature req. Upvoting system. (3)
* Tapatalk support (2)
* More examples (config and script)
* UI a bit confusing
* MEow, meow meow (7) i.e. what the heck, people
* Sirhc (Chris RF armor?) (3)
* Hardware issues, fault-finding (hardware bugs?)
* Keep per-thread unread state (Jan: like Gmail) (if session times out, you lose track of what you haven't read)
* Edit + combine confirmed tech info like facts, solutions, and updated information into technical docs so users don't have to search through forums (make these official)
* Complaint: every forum user has to be a search engine specialist, editor, and compiler to get full documentation on any products. Unreasonable burden, leads known questions being answered over and over
* Jan: FAQ / Q&A style of all popular questions, w/ filter search so you can find all the popular problems
* Mitigate some of the disparaging comments and trolls (ars technica-like downvoting / hiding? maybe don't show downvotes, but enough downvotes hides it automatically and flags for trolling)
* Users with a lot of solutions and or kudos should have a Guru-status
* Update official "known issues" and updates more frequently (3)
* Scrolling news feed that shows new posts live
* Custom image for avatars
* Store page doesn't show avatar (no SSO) so it looks like you are logged out
* Browser compatibility (oops - legacy company)
* Better search
* More official KB
* Better filters for unwanted posts / downvote
* Easier nav
* Basic set up guide / intro guide, tutorial, manual
* Unifi support - hard to get working
* hard to get answers

